<?xml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/#" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>1</title>
  </head>
  <body>
  <div class="content_read">
   <div class="box_con">
    <div class="bookname">
     <h1>
      Chapter 1 – Reincarnation
     </h1>
    </div>
    <div style="text-align: center">
    </div>
    <div id="content">
     Reincarnation
     <br/>
     <br/>
     “My head really hurts….”
     <br/>
     <br/>
     This was Fang Ming’s first thought upon waking up. It felt as if there was a cut on his head, hurting so badly that it seemed as if his head was about to split open.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     The scene in front of him seemed like he was riding on a horse carriage. His body continued to bounce up and down along with the carriage’s movement, impacting his wound. It was so painful that Fang Ming had to suck in several sharp breaths.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     Opening his eyes, he surveyed his surroundings.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     What filled his vision were walls formed from hollowed planks. There were also quite a few fair-haired and blue-eyed youths sitting around him with their eyes closed as they rested. However, none of them glanced in his direction.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     He seemed to be lying down on the floor. Feeling the ice-cold ground underneath him, Fang Ming knew that his body would not be able to bear lying down any longer, or he would probably catch a cold. He hurriedly struggled to get up.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     At that moment, he felt a sharp pain lancing through his head.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     The pain arrived suddenly, and brought many strange memories along with it. Fang Ming’s eyes rolled back as he fainted.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     “Hi! Leylin! Wake up….”
     <br/>
     <br/>
     Fang Ming heard this sound in his daze, and couldn’t help but open his eyes.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     “Is this reincarnation?” Fang Ming remembered very clearly that the last thing he had seen were the dazzling flames that had erupted from the energy reactor’s explosion.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     It was impossible to survive such an explosion without any method of self-protection.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     Furthermore, on the planet he existed on, such a style of carriage and wooden planks were considered ancient antiques.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     After organizing the new memories in his mind, Fang Ming gained some insight about his body and this world.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     This was a realm similar to the European Middle Ages. A mysterious force also existed.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     His current body was originally called Leylin Farlier, a son of a minor noble. As he had been tested to have the gift to become a Magus, his father, Viscount John Farlier, had pulled strings to allow him to become a Magus Apprentice. At the moment, he was on the horse carriage travelling towards a magus academy.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     He saw that the one who had woken him up was a large, male youth.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     He had thick eyebrows and large eyes, a tall and straight nose, and sparkling gold hair. Although his face was somewhat young and tender, his body was sturdy and well muscled, looking extremely manly.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     Seeing that Fang Ming had awoken, the boy laughed happily , “Haha….Leylin, you’re finally awake. If you had awoken even a few more minutes later, you probably wouldn’t have been able to make it to dinner. I assume that you don’t want to starve!”
     <br/>
     <br/>
     Fang Ming lowered his eyes. After some thought, he figured out this person’s identity.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     “Thanks George!”
     <br/>
     <br/>
     The youths who were together with him and heading towards the magus academy had all tested to be gifted to be Magi. This George was a legitimate son of a Count, and was also one of the favoured sons for that Count. In order to allow George to enter a magus academy, the Count had spent many resources and pulled strings.
     <br/>
     <script>
      ChapterMid();
     </script>
     <br/>
     <br/>
     “A count?” Fang Ming inwardly thought.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     He flashed back to his current body’s father, Viscount John Farlier, whose holdings were equal in size to a city in his previous life, with thousands of soldiers under his command. In this world, noble ranking was inevitably tied to personal strength. Since George’s father was a Count, his holdings were likely at least the size of several cities, and his annual income was probably a few thousand gold coins. With such finances and power at his disposal, he still had to take so much effort in order to send George to a magus academy. Fang Ming couldn’t help but wonder how did his father manage to do the same for him.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     As Fang Ming pondered the question, another sharp pain flashed through his head, causing another scene to appear in his mind’s eye.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     It was a dark room, with old musty shelves lining the sides, filled with an ancient air. The surroundings were chock full with dust.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     Under a dim light, John Farlier solemnly passed a ring to Leylin, saying: “Dear Leylin, this is our Farlier Family’s Heirloom Treasure, a promise from a Magus. At that time, my grandfather had helped an injured Magus, who had in return gifted grandfather with this ring, promising him that if one of his descendants had the gift to be a Magus, he could use this ring and enter any magus academy for free! Now, I am giving this to you, in hopes that you can be the Pride of the Farlier Family, and uphold our legacy…”
     <br/>
     <br/>
     The ring!
     <br/>
     <br/>
     Fang Ming’s eyes narrowed, and his right hand involuntarily went to his chest.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     Under his clothing, he could feel the solid touch, like a metal ring was under there.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     Heaving a sigh of relief in his heart, he thought to himself: Lucky! I’m not sure if those guys did not recognize it as a treasure, or perhaps there is some restriction. Either way, I’m lucky that this was not snatched from me!”
     <br/>
     <br/>
     As a scientist in his former life, Fang Ming was extremely curious and interested in that mysterious strength, filled with the desire to research more about it.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     Furthermore, he didn’t want to be chased back home because he had lost such an important proof of entry.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     Although I have taken over this body and accepted its memories, but I am still very different from the original Leylin. To his family members who have spent years with him, they would easily be able to see the difference! If they mistake it as him being possessed by the devil and perhaps beg or hire one of those mysterious magi to investigate, I might be found out…
     <br/>
     <br/>
     However, if I can enter a magus academy, I will probably not return home for at least several years. By that time, if there are any changes in behavior, it would be considered normal. Furthermore, to be a Magus, it is probably normal to be strange and eccentric; if I were to act the same as the Leylin of before, it would be deemed strange then!
     <br/>
     <br/>
     Just as he was in deep thought, a pair of strong large hands suddenly assisted him to his feet.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     “What are you thinking about?” George asked.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     “No… Nothing!” Fang Ming quickly shook his head, then clutched his head again, as it was still in pain.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     He suddenly spun his head around and looked at George, causing George’s heart to clutch suddenly, as if he was being stared at by a venomous snake.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     “Dearest George, why didn’t you wake me up earlier, and let me just lie on the floor like that for so long?” Fang Ming rolled his eyes and asked.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     “Heh heh! I saw you having such a nice sleep, and thought you liked to lie down there!” George scratched his head abashedly. However, his eyes sparked with a cunning gleam.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     Under Fang Ming’s murderous glare, he finally raised his hands in surrender: “Fine! Fine! Who asked you to offend my goddess. Offending her is still fine, as bros, I am not such a petty person. Alas, the entire carriage is now treating you like an enemy, and I do not want to be isolated as well!”
     <br/>
     <br/>
     “Offend? Goddess?” Fang Ming scratched his head, until he suddenly remembered why he was beaten up.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     It was a girl named Bessita. Although she was only 15 years of age, but she her body was already developed and voluptuous, in addition to her watery big eyes, was a huge draw to the lecherous Leylin.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     The original Leylin was no gentleman. He had lost his virginity at the age of twelve, and after that he had either seduced or forced his way with many others, and had by now slept with more than a hundred women!
     <br/>
     <br/>
     He had been known as the Scourge of his father’s holdings. As Fang Ming finished exploring the memories, he rolled his eyes once again in disdain. No wonder this body was so weak and frail, it wasn’t just because of the injuries!
     <br/>
     <br/>
     Thinking back, it was clear that Leylin had been too used to causing trouble in his own territory, and hadn’t been able to control himself when he saw Bessita.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     The first few times, it was still rather normal; flirting and making passes. Near the end, he had started resorting to violent means. When Fang Ming saw these memories, he couldn’t help but label the original as an idiot.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     That Bessita is a princess of a small country! And Leylin still wanted to rape her. Is his brains filled with glue? Sheesh!
     <br/>
     <br/>
     What happened after this goes without saying. Leylin was taught a savage lessons by the bunch of ‘Flower Guardians’ 1, had actually died because of the beatings, which had eventually benefitted Fang Ming.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     Heh heh! This Bessita, it seems she isn’t as simple as I thought, how scheming! Fang Ming gave a cold laugh as he thought.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     Fine! No matter what, since I have taken over your body, if I have the chance, I will take revenge for you! As for now, I am Leylin Farlier!
     <br/>
     <br/>
     Fang Ming swore in his heart.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     In Leylin’s memory, he had not seen any signs of Asians, nor had he heard anything about China. In this new Western styled world, if he used his own Chinese name, it would be too dangerous!
     <br/>
     <br/>
     When he looked around, he realized that there was no longer anyone else in sight within the spacious carriage. It was no wonder that George had come to call him.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     “No matter what, I still have to thank you! George, do you have any medicine?” Fang Ming stood up and stretched his body. Although it still hurt in a few places, but it did not impede his movement, and the wound at the back of his head had already became a scab.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     “Heh heh…I knew that you’d need this!” George laughed as he tossed a small bottle over, “This is my family’s secret product. I heard that it’s usually used during Knight’s training, and is extremely effective against any bodily injuries!”
     <br/>
     <br/>
     As George spoke, he looked around furtively: “Alright! Dinner is about to start. I’m going to head there first, you should apply the medicine quickly and hurry over too. Remember, do not tell anyone else about our friendship!”
     <br/>
     <br/>
     After he finished speaking, he had ran off like a gust of wind!
     <br/>
     <br/>
     Looking at George’s figure disappear into the distance, Leylin couldn’t help but massage his forehead. It looks like this Leylin has truly stirred up a hornet’s nest. Was it such a big deal? In Leylin’s memories, it seems like in this world, sexual relations are rather open…
     <br/>
     <br/>
     At this point, he couldn’t do anything to remedy the situation. Swiftly taking off his clothes, Leylin quickly rubbed the medicine all over the injuries on his body.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     “Hiss… This damned George. Couldn’t he help me apply the medicine before leaving?” Leylin drew several sharp cold breaths as he applied the medicine.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     The medicine was extremely effective. As soon as he applied it, there was a cooling sensation and the pain vanished.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     After he had dealt with the wounds on his body, Leylin put on his clothes and opened the carriage door.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     Whoosh!
     <br/>
     <br/>
     A gentle breeze blew across, and the sun was setting in the horizon, painting everything around with a golden hue.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     “No matter what, it feels so good to be alive!”
     <br/>
     <br/>
     Leylin’s eyes moistened as he muttered.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     Looking at the surroundings, he noticed several of the large carriages forming a circle to make a crude temporary campsite, with a large fire in the middle.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     There were many youths around the fire, sitting and resting on cloth mats laid on the ground, laughing and playing with each other, while eating the bread in their hands.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     Leylin walked towards a table where there were quite a few breads and juices placed. According to his memories, this was where food was distributed.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     When he approached the area, he saw that there were a few people queuing up. As they spotted Leyin, they looked over at him with a look of despise.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     Although Leylin thought of himself as thick-skinned, he still found it somewhat difficult to endure.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     Still, he did not leave. No matter what, he still had to eat.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     “Hurry up!” A hoarse voice rang out.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     “So…Sorry! Lady Angelia!” A freckled boy quickly apologised and took his share of food before running away.
     <br/>
     <br/>
     [Beep! Danger Alert! Danger Alert!] [You are extremely close to the source of danger. Recommendation: The Host should move at least 1000 meters away!]
     <br/>
     <br/>
     1. Literal Translation of 护花使者, pretty much her wannabe escorts/protectors
    </div>
   </div>
  </div>
 </body>
</html>
